clarify supported openai models in copilot (#7202)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot.md

- No sensitive data persists on dbt Labs' systems, except for usage data.
- Client data, including any personal or sensitive data inserted into the query by the user, is deleted within 30 days by OpenAI.
- <Constant name="copilot" /> uses a best practice style guide to ensure consistency across teams.

> - <Constant name="copilot" /> is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-3.x, gpt-4o, gpt-4.1-[mini|nano], gpt-4.5 (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Other models, like o1 and o2, are not supported and will not work with <Constant name="copilot"/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <Constant name="copilot" /> is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-3.x, gpt-4o, gpt-4.1-[mini|nano], and gpt-4.5 (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Other models, like o1 and o2, are not supported and will not work with <Constant name="copilot"/>.
```

> - <Constant name="copilot" /> is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-3.x, gpt-4o, gpt-4.1-[mini|nano], and gpt-4.5 (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Other models, like o1 and o2, are not supported and will not work with <Constant name="copilot"/>.

Author: ```suggestion
- <Constant name="copilot" /> is optimized for OpenAI's `gpt-3.x`, `gpt-4o`, `gpt-4.1-[mini|nano]`, and `gpt-4.5` (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Other models, like `o1` and `o2`, are not supported and will not work with <Constant name="copilot"/>.
```

> -<Constant name="copilot" /> is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-3.x, gpt-4o, gpt-4.1-[mini|nano], gpt-4.5 (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Using other models (like o1 and o2) can affect performance and accuracy, and functionality with other models isn't guaranteed.

Author: ```suggestion
- <Constant name="copilot" /> is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-3.x, gpt-4o, gpt-4.1-[mini|nano], gpt-4.5 (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Other models, like o1 and o2, are not supported and will not work with <Constant name="copilot"/>.
```

- No sensitive data persists on dbt Labs' systems, except for usage data.
- Client data, including any personal or sensitive data inserted into the query by the user, is deleted within 30 days by OpenAI.
- dbt Copilot uses a best practice style guide to ensure consistency across teams.

> - dbt Copilot is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-4o. Using other models (like o1 and o2) can affect performance and accuracy, and functionality with other models isn't guaranteed.

Author: ```suggestion
- dbt Copilot is optimized for OpenAI's gpt-3.x, gpt-4o, gpt-4.1-[mini|nano], gpt-4.5 (deprecated by OpenAI) models. Using other models (like o1 and o2) can affect performance and accuracy, and functionality with other models isn't guaranteed.
```
